JOHN:
Previously on Killjoys...
We tried landing on Arkyn,
and it's not empty.
There's some kind of
manmade defense layer.
Why are you
always chasing dragons?
I don't hit women,
but I got a partner
who does. So, lady, be nice.
Oh, relax.
Don't be such a killjoy.
Ha! ljust got that.
Johnny?
Are you on your way?
(PAWTER GRUNTS)
You didn't mention that
massive data transmission
Khlyen sent
just before they
blew up the base.
It was encrypted.
Find out where it went.
Write me a warrant
to get there.
I need to know
what's in that file.
(ALARM BLARING)
(SCREAMING)
D'AVIN: You sure
you wanna do this?
Last time, you got hurt.
You need to let that go.
I want this.
How bad?
All the bad you've got.
(GRUNTING)
Ow!
My mom taught me that.
Oh, respect.
(D'AVIN GRUNTS)
Too bad she didn't teach you
how to fight like a girl.
So, where's Monkpants?
Alvis? At the monastery,
researching
Scarbacks on Arkyn.
Oh, yeah? Good.
Look, it's a small ship.
I don't want things
getting weird.
Weird how?
You and me are complicated,
Alvis is simple.
So, if stuff happens,
it happens.
ljust wanna say,
we're good.
Aw!
(GRUNTS)
Okay. Now, it's weird.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
DUTCH: Yeah. Little bit.
Nice to see you guys
keeping shit platonic.
LUCY:
/ have RAC Officer Turin
on an encrypted channel.
Timing, Lucy. Timing.
Not interrupting, am I?
Depends.
Why are you calling?
/ know where Red 17’s
last transmission went.
Definitely not interrupting.
Where?
Prodigy School.
Quadrant 4.
Prodigy School?
A school for
gifted Westy kids.
Taking the smart kids
away to better schools
used to be optional.
Now, it’s mandatory.
RAC handles all the Escort
warrants for the students,
so, / got your team one.
To escort students?
Like, small people?
Children, Dutch.
They're called "children."
Why is Khlyen sending
a transmission to a school?
That's a little creepy.
It’s a lot creepy.
So, get in there
and find out.
But do anything
other than what
the warrant requires,
you’re on your own.
Fine. We'll do it.
But you get to babysit.
Screw that.
One of the three kids
is in Old Town.
Johnny should be done
springing Pawter.
I say we swing by en route,
make him babysit.
Even better.
Lucy, take us in.
LUCY: Will do.
Grab your provisions.
Old Town must be
living hell these days.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Hell is drunker
than I remember.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Hey! Jelco let you back
inside the wall?
Even Jelco can't
override a warrant.
Food and medicine.
Oh!
Now, that calls
for a drink.
Is that shit even legal?
This shit
isn't even drinkable.
Just don't tell them.
We're looking for this kid.
His father's a miner,
and their old address
is a pile of rubble.
Sabine!
Sabine used to work
at the mine's canteen.
My friends here are
looking for this boy.
Killjoys hunt kids now?
Times must be tough.
No, we're not arresting him.
He qualified for Prodigy.
We're taking
the class to school,
where it's safe.
That's actually sweet.
Prodigy's about
the only nice thing
The Company does
for us Westies.
Well, it feels good
to give back, you know?
SABINE:
Try the East Tenements.
Most families
migrated there
after the bombings.
Johnny here yet?
No.
Butyourboy
left you a message.
With you? Which means
I'm not gonna like it.
Pawter busted herself
out of Spring Hill
by putting a bomb
in Jelco's chest,
and making a run
for the Salt Plains.
(LAUGHS) Johnny's
tracking her down.
He may be a skootch late.
Lucy, you sure
this is the place?
LUCY:
The Doctor’s last signal was
broadcast from this location.
If she’s not here,
she’s probably dead.
Just a "yes" next time,
Luce,okay?
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
What the hells?
Hey, what's going on?
Salt Plains Law.
Any captive can wrestle
Big Borna in there
for their freedom.
(METAL CLANGS)
JOHN: Captive? Oh, shit.
You're in for a treat, pal.
(CHUCKLES)
MAN: Okay, that's it.
No more bets, guys.
No more bets.
I like your necklace.
I like your hair.
(CHUCKUNG)
l'll sell that first.
(GRUNTING)
(LAUGHS)
Ahhh!
(GRUNTS)
Yes!
(CROWD CHEERING)
(LAUGHS)
Hey, you couldn't wait
for me in Spring Hill?
Dial it down, Jaqobis.
l handled it.
How? She would've
torn my arm off.
Lydian Nerve Pinch.
They teach it in
emergency surgery
in case you run out
of anesthetic.
Way to go, Doc.
Hey. Salt Plains Law,
she wins, she goes.
That's before I knew
she was a doctor.
Be nice to see
one of my boys
settled down with
a good woman.
Did she just
propose to you?
Listen,
I'm very flattered...
And very outnumbered.
Okay, I take it back, Johnny.
You can handle this part.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)
So, when every little girl
dreams of her big day,
is this what you saw?
More or less.
Maybe a chocolate fountain.
(LAUGHS)
(WHISTLES)
Ha! Nice catch.
Ow! Rude!
(ALL GRUNTING)
Watch out!
On my signal,
jump left. Now!
(GRUNTS)
That is how
a bar brawl is born.
Pawte r?
(GRUNTING AND YELLING)
I need Johnny
on his game.
Pawter's just
a distraction.
The kind ofgirl
who...
Sleeps with her patients?
Fuses a bomb to the chest
of the most dangerous man
in Westerley.
She could get
Johnny hurt.
Won't stop him
from helping her.
Even our asshole dad
couldn't knock
the hero out of him.
Look, that's what
makes us a great team.
You lead, I shoot.
Johnny gives a shit.
Do you really want him
to lose that?
Okay.
(ENGINE RUMBLES)
Hey, lady.
You need a ride?
What happened?
I thought we made
a pretty good team
back there.
It's not you. It's...
I don't even know
where to start.
You can start with
why you left Spring Hill.
I mean, Jelco's a dick,
but he'd never
hurt Qreshi royalty.
What if Qreshi royalty's
the problem?
I stole this from Jelco.
It's got Company plans
for building walls
around every major town
on Westerley.
Why? I thought
they put the wall up
because Old Town rebelled.
So did I. But it looks like
Old Town's just
a part of a bigger plan.
l have to warn people.
Alone, on foot,
in a wasteland full of
rapey hill folk?
Okay, so, I haven't
worked out
all the kinks yet.
The Company's
building a cage for
this entire moon.
l can'tjust
sit by and watch.
You work for The Rack.
I don't want to
get you in trouble.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Look, hole up in Lucy
for a bit.
Just until you figure out
your next move.
I thought Killjoys
take no sides.
Friends do.
D'AVIN: Reclamation
and Apprehension.
DUTCH: We have a warrant
for the escort of
Jake Qayumi.
JAKE: lwanna go!
Let go of me!
MAN: Don't you move!
I don't care
what your warrant says.
You can't have my boy.
Law says we can, Lans.
Prodigy School
took my first son.
Company bombings
took my wife.
Jake's all I got left.
Da, I want to see Olan.
Olan got picked 'cause he was
the smartest kid in Old Town.
You still mix up
your letters.
Somebody made a mistake.
DUTCH: You want
Jake growing up
behind that wall?
Your son has a way out
of Old Town. Take it.
Hey, I said
you're not going!
(GROANING)
D'AVIN: Hey!
Forgot to mention,
I hate bullies.
He really does.
(SIGHS)
Take the kid
if he wants to go.
All right.
We'll get him there safely.
You have my word.
Doesn't matter. As soon as
they leave Westerley,
they forget all about us.
Been three years
since his brother
went to Prodigy.
What's The Company
gonna take from us next?
Go.
D'AVIN: Come on.
JAKE: Sorry, Da.
Got a few more
kids to pick up.
So, how long did Dutch say
Pawter could stay?
Oh, I haven't asked her yet,
but I am really
looking forward to it.
(THUDDING)
(GRUNTING)
You want to tell your people
to play nice with my shit?
My people?
My tribe's over there,
playing nice.
My tribe's more fun.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey.
Not a puzzle guy, huh?
No.
They were more
Olan's thing.
(SIGHS)
So, are you nervous
about seeing him?
It's been three years.
What if he doesn't even
want me here?
because a brother
will always
have your back.
lsntthatnghL
Johnny?
Yep.
Evenif
they stab you in it.
Hmm?
You stabbed your brother?
Just a little bit.
And it was
in the front,
not the back.
Still counts.
Okay, as soon as we dock,
lwill get us into
Prodigy's database.
Whatever Khlyen sent,
I will find.
How long till we dock?
Don't know.
How long will
the good doctor
be with us?
(SIGHS)
She had nowhere else
to go, Dutch.
Hey, did I say anything
when you let Alvis
Scar-bunk with us?
Fine. But she's
your stray.
Keep her out of our shit,
and stay out of hers.
I'm being really serious,
Johnny.
That transmission
could be the key to
my connection with Arkyn.
I need your full focus
right now.
Always.
LUCY: We’ve been
cleared for docking.
No fair.
(LAUGHS)
Wish my school had
looked like that.
Let's gear up.
Thank you
for the nerd box.
Data miners to help Lucy
weed through the station's
central memory core
for Khlyen's transmission.
And where do we plug
these suckers in?
Security control.
Whoever finds it first.
LUCY: Docked and cleared.
Have a good
first day of school.
Remember to
share your lunch.
All right,
short stacks, let's move!
It's school time!
(CHILDREN WHOOPING)
Let's get our learning on.
Come on.
D'AVIN: I swear
he was adopted.
Oh, way to make
a kid feel welcome.
I guess someone
didn't get the memo.
Hello? Hello?
Where are the rest
of the kids?
JOHN: Where's the rest
of everybody?
Okay, small fries,
stick close.
Welcome to Prodigy.
I know that voice.
I hate that voice.
At least we can guess
who Khlyen sent
his last message to.
Great. The last time
they worked together,
they nearly started a war.
What fun are they up to now?
Congratulations.
You are the elite few
to qualify for the
Prodigy School Program,
a special
education initiative
on behalf of The Nine
for Westerley’s
most gifted children.
Please proceed
through the doors
to receive
your welcome packages
and assigned class guardians.
(ALARM BLARING)
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Breach, Classroom A.
Go. Pawter and I
got the kids.
Come on. Let's go.
What is Delle Seyah up to?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Breach, Classroom A.
JOHN: Archvillain's
abandoned space station,
I've seen this movie.
lfwe get
attacked by zombie kids,
I'm gonna be so mad.
JOHN: That's Classroom A
dead ahead.
You sure?
If this is a classroom,
why are there cryopods?
Someone's making kidcicles.
What kind of school is this?
The exclusive kind.
MAN: Stand down.
And I don't recall
enrolling you.
Did you touch the pods?
JOHN: Seyah,
they're empty.
What have you done with them?
Where are the children?
What do you mean?
They were empty
when we got here.
Hey.
Over here.
DUTCH: Blood.
Wherever those kids are,
I don't think
they left here
willingly.
(EXHALES)
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Biometric ID confirmed.
Commencing lockdown
on all docking bays.
What have you done
to my ship?
Making sure
she stays put.
Nobody is leaving
until we find
those children.
DUTCH: We're here on
official RAC business.
Unlock my ship.
Show me your warrant.
We're escorting
your new class.
This is wrong.
We're not ready
for them yet.
The current class continues
for another six months.
They should
still be asleep.
How long have
they been missing?
Noidea.
I got an alert
that your ship was
approaching the station.
I arrived here
just after you.
Lucy, confirm.
LUCY: Affirmative.
An O-C/ass Cruiser
docked with the station
approximately
12 minutes ago.
Johnny, can you figure out
when the pods were opened?
Yeah, the pod's biometer
should tell me.
D'av, take the kids
back to Lucy until we
find out what's going on.
D'AVIN: Copy that.
Already moving.
Go. Help the Killjoy.
Who else has access
to the station
and knows how to
wake the kids?
Just one person.
Malta Chambers,
class guardian.
With The Company 18 years.
Perfect record.
The guardians monitor
the children's progress.
They're fully vetted
before they join
the program.
To watch sleeping kids
in cryo?
How do you test for that?
A pulse?
Bring up
the security footage
of the pod room.
It's gone. All of it.
Scan the station
for life forms.
The station was built
to block all scans.
(SIGHS)
The children are here.
Chambers must have them.
Nobody else is onboard?
l'm piloting a new
learning technique.
Until I'm sure it's viable,
the guest list
for the station
is very exclusive.
Why are you here, Yalena?
I missed our hate-flirting.
Obviously.
ButyouTe
no one's bus driver,
and I'm not a fool.
So, what are you
looking for?
You really don't know?
No. Tell me.
lfwe're gonna
work together,
you have to trust me.
Then ante up.
What are you really doing
to these kids?
Killjoy, huh?
What's that like?
Crazy, right?
Crazy.
Yeah, I knew it.
Man, you guys are insane.
They wouldn't take me.
I had a heart thing.
Now, I'm stuck playing
bodyguard for her majesty,
Delle Shitza.
Well, working for
the baddest bitch
in the Quad's
got to have its moments.
lt'sjust dumb
parties and meetings.
This missing kids thing
is the most action
I've seen in months.
The kids are missing?
Olan's not even here?
(SIGHS)
Hey, Jake...
Screw this.
I'll find him myself.
I don't think your heart
is why The Rack
turned you down, Hokkhead.
Try not to lose
the rest of them.
I got this.
Hey, I heard about the kids.
How can I help?
I'm trying to figure out
when these kids were
taken from the pods,
but these things
are fried.
If I take the tech,
will you handle the bio?
Deal.
Let's science this shit.
So, how well
do you know Delle Seyah?
All The Nine
grow up together.
We're an incestuous
little dynasty.
Hmm.
When lwas 15, she put dye
in our swimming pool.
Turned my skin green
during council elections.
I'm sure you took
that lying down.
Yep.
And then I mixed
Dilex-12 into her shampoo.
Took her two years
to grow back
so much as an eyelash.
Chemistry's a bitch,
and so am I.
l'm both turned on
and terrified.
| get that a lot.
These aren't
straight cryopods.
They were neurofeeding
these kids in their sleep.
What is this shit?
Jake? Come on, buddy.
(SIGHS)
Dropped something,
big guy.
Go away.
(SIGHS)
Rocks? You brought rocks?
They're from my house.
Olan doesn't even know
that it got bombed.
Hey, you're a Nova cadet?
ljoined Novas when
l was about your age.
Best summers of my life.
Dad says
Novas are suck-ups.
Yeah? Sounds like
our dads would get along.
They're both giant ass...
Jerks. They're both jerks.
Nah.
Mine's an asshole.
We're gonna find Olan,
okay?
Ma'am?
D'AVIN: Dutch,
/ thought we were alone.
There’s a woman...
We see her.
She's heading for
the airlock bay.
Bruxton,
Guardian Chambers
is heading for
the portside airlock bay.
Intercept and apprehend.
Understood.
DUTCH: No,
stay in position!
If she makes it to my ship,
we may not find
those other children.
I don't like this.
She could be drawing us
into some kind of trap.
D'av? The kids are
unguarded on Lucy.
D'AVIN: Shit.
I’m on my way.
I know what you did
to the children.
Chambers!
Suck on this, Killjoys.
What the hells?
(GRUNTING)
(POWER WHIRS DOWN)
Oh!
I lost Bruxton.
I lost all the feeds!
(SIGHS)
Come on.
(CLATTERING)
Hey, little people?
You here?
Here!
Here.
(SIGHS)
DUTCH: D’av? Status?
Kids are safe.
Bruxton catch up with
the space nanny yet?
(AUTOMATED VOICE SKIPPING)
Welcome to... To Prod...
Prodigy.
No. But she caught
the hells up with him.
(AUTOMATED VOICE
REPEATING MESSAGE)
Johnny, I lost Chambers.
You’ve got to get
the cams back up.
I'm trying.
Can you give me
a hand over here?
Pass the Mediscan.
Here.
(MEDISCAN WHIRRING)
So, what is it?
DNA, amino acids, proteins...
We found the kids, Johnny.
This is all
that's left of them.
Electrocution,
stopped his heart.
What about the kids?
What killed them?
SEYAH: Oh, great.
You're here, too.
Best day ever.
We need to get everyone
off this station now.
Not until Chambers is found.
I need to know who
else is behind this.
Have your beefy menfolk
guard the students.
You were
neurofeeding
those children.
No one calls it
that anymore.
"Compressed learning."
Whatever.
lt's barbaric and illegal.
Your feeders
killed those children.
SEYAH: Chambers killed
the children.
The cryo technique
is painless and safe.
The children wake up
experts in their field.
No homework, no pimples.
Haditbeenthat
easyforyou,
maybe you
could've passed finals
without Jakk.
You're using Westerlyns
as lab rats because
they're expendable.
That's Company business,
which is no
longer any of yours.
CHAMBERS: lfyou don’t want
the truth exposed,
send Del/e Seyah Kendry
to answer for her crimes.
Level 9. Alone and unarmed.
Justice will be done.
Justice for what?
She's the kid killer.
Let's give her what she wants.
Our turn to draw her out.
Are you...
You're seriously proposing
to use me as bait?
You want Chambers?
Step up.
We're done here.
(GRUNTS)
Dutch!
Are you crazy?
lt'll heal.
But you know what won't?
Your reputation.
Where's your security,
Delle Seyah?
Why won't you call for help?
Whatever you're doing here,
your own people
don't know about it,
and I'm all you've got.
So, are we going
to fight some more?
Or are we going to behave?
D'AVIN: What’s your plan?
We plant these
motion sensors at
the end of both halls.
When Chambers trips them,
take her down.
Hmm.
How's the kid?
Talk to him yet?
Eh, it'll just
make it worse.
He just lost his brother.
We know what that's like.
(SIGHS)
Pawter said
Olan never woke up.
He was asleep
the whole time.
That's good.
l was worried he
might be scared.
He hates small spaces.
I guess you have
to take me home now.
Unless I can go with you.
We're gonna catch
whoever did this.
Nova promise.
You said you'd
find Olan, too.
Novas are bullshit.
Jake.
(SIGHS)
Yep. Made it worse.
Delle Seyah,
we're in position.
The motion sensors are ready.
I don't need to
remind you that if
anything happens to me,
things will get
very awkward for you.
Relax.
When Chambers
trips the sensors,
we'll be right behind her.
Then let's cut the shit,
shall we?
I think you're here
because of our mutual friend.
We have no
mutual friends.
Tell me, what’s it like
living a life so
free of nuance?
Must be refreshing.
Like ice cream and puppies.
I know Khlyen left the Quad,
and I know Red
17 was destroyed.
Now you show me yours, Yala.
Tell me why you're here.
Khlyen's final
transmission from Red 17
was sent here.
This doesn't make sense.
We communicate on a schedule.
He's never early.
Communicate about what?
LUCY: John, the data miners
have located
the Arkyn transmission.
It overloaded the memory core,
and was rerouted
to Classroom A.
Well, that's where
the kids were.
And Chambers.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
She's here. What do I do?
Run, you idiot!
Why didn't Chambers
trip the sensors, Johnny?
I don't know!
Don't shoot!
I need her alive!
(DUTCH GRUNTS)
What the hells is she?
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Digital ghosting.
Chambers used the
camera's light spectrum
to holoproject. (CHUCKLES)
D'av, we lost
visuals on Chambers.
(RADIO CUTTING OUT)
Dutch? Dutch,
you're cutting out.
DUTCH: D'av, Chambers
might be coming for you.
D'AVIN: Dutch...
(AUDIO CRACKLING)
Go check on him and Pawter.
I've got Delle Seyah.
Okay.
Lucy, what's going
on with the comms?
LUCY: The station’s
operating system has
commandeered my controls.
What? You're being hacked?
In less specific terms, yes.
Hey, little people!
Hey! Hey!
Back on board now.
It isn't safe.
But the announcement said
to meet in the airlock bay.
What announcement?
(WHIRRING)
You got to be
kidding me.
Aah!
(KIDS SCREAM)
D'avin!
Pawter! We're heading
back to Lucy.
Chambers is on the move.
That's impossible.
Pawter, come on.
Listen, lwas able to
isolate the DNA strands
from the pod discharge.
Chambers' DNA is
part of the soup.
She's been dead
the whole time.
Well, if Chambers was
liquefied with the kids,
then who's doing this?
Not all the kids
were liquefied.
(D'AVIN GROANING)
Olan? You're alive!
Jake, we got to go.
(EXHALES) Come on.
(GRUNTING)
Yeah. I missed you,
too,paL
Easy. You're in shock.
Olan... He's still...
Yeah.
Yeah, we know. He's alive.
He's got Jake on Lucy.
Why didn't I hear
that announcement?
Audiometrics. Adults lose
the top end of pitch.
He used a frequency
only kids can hear.
Really? Is that a thing?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Beta Security
Protocol initiated.
l in no way like
the sound of that.
What is that?
Invasion safeguard.
Life support is
cut to everything
but the cryopods.
I hate you so much.
OLAN: (ON PA) Release the ship
from the docking clamps,
and /’/l restore life support.
You have 15 minutes before
the oxygen runs out.
You’d better hurry.
JOHN: (OVER RADIO)
Congrats, Delle Seyah.
Your baby evil overlord
takes right after you.
The boy is
clearly unstable.
That's hardly my fault.
None of this
matters if we suffocate.
Can you override?
lfwe can get to
the control room.
Hey,Johnny,lneed
you to crack open Lucy,
and tell that little
shit he's grounded.
We'll get the kids
back to the cryopods,
buy us some time.
Be careful in there.
Don't underestimate Olan.
I said he's smart.
Not smarter than me.
He probably is smarter.
(CHUCKLES)
Empirically speaking.
Well, no one asked you,
Xosia. God.
Come on.
(EXHALES)
LUCY: lcan’t let you
do this, Olan.
You can keep rerouting
and recoding all you want,
but I will own you.
LUCY: Your attitude is
very unbecoming
for a boy with your
potential and intellect.
Shut it.
I don't need a parent.
I need a ship.
You have to put life support
back on in the station.
They could die.
That's on them,
Jake. Okay?
I spent a month
building them
something to chase.
If they'd just
ran after Chambers
like I planned,
we'd be halfway
across the Quad
in their ship by now.
But they wouldn't
leave you alone.
They're good people, Olan.
They're Killjoys, Jake. Okay?
They don't care about you.
You're just a job to them.
I'm your brother.
(GRUNTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
What's wrong, Olan?
I get these
headaches sometimes.
Sometimes I see shit.
Hey, look.
I promised I'd
come back for you.
And I did.
Look, we can go...
We can go
anywhere we want now.
There's no more Dad,
there's no more
Westerley, okay?
It's just you and me.
(SIGHS)
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Oxygen level, 30%.
Okay,
since it's partly my fault
that we might die today,
I'll pay you back.
With What?
Two lies and a truth.
You know that game?
ltell you three things.
One is true.
Save your air.
One, I drink
the blood
of the innocent.
Two, I love your hair.
Three...
(SIGHS)
(LABORED BREATHING)
The Prodigy Program
is a living human seed bank
to protect all Qreshi
culture and knowledge.
There are two reasons
to keep a seed bank.
Winter, or war.
Which were you expecting?
That depends on
Khlyen's message.
And it's called "two
lies and a truth," Killjoy,
not "ask me anything."
Where's the fun in that?
I've got you.
Shallow breaths.
Don't you dare
fantasize about
this later.
(CHUCKLES WEAKLY)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
Ow, shit!
Oh, shit.
(AIRLOCK UNSEALS)
Olan's trying to
release the ship manually.
Something's wrong
with my brother.
He's seeing things.
I know.
Can you help him?
Yeah, but I need
your help first.
It's okay. You'll be safe.
The pods have life support.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Oxygen levels, 25%.
You good, Xosia? Okay.
Sure these pods are safe?
Olan killed his
class with these things.
It wasn't him.
A massive data
surge fried the pods
and tripped the pH regulators.
That's why the pods
liquefied the bodies.
It was a malfunction.
Olan barely got out alive.
When did this
surge happen?
Right when Red 17
shut down.
Guys, I think we found
Khlyen's last transmission.
It’s in Olan.
Sweet tech.
The holocamera
was a nice touch.
It was smart.
Are you gonna
shoot me with that?
I disengaged the gun.
My brother's fine,
by the way.
Thanks for asking.
Where's my brother?
Jake, you trust
the Killjoys over me?
They'll send you back to Dad.
They're gonna hand
me over to The Company
for more experiments!
Is that what you want?
Stay back, Jake.
The game is over, Olan.
You're the
smart one, right?
So you know
if I touch these
two wires together,
it sends a surge to
Lucy's power core.
You want to take me
back to Westerley?
I'll send us back in pieces.
Put the wires down, Olan.
You're not a killer.
I think we both
know that's a lie.
You know, I'm betting
that Bruxton was
a miscalculation.
You didn't plan
for his heart defect.
But why did you kill Chambers?
Because she tried
to kill me.
I woke up from that pod,
and my head was on fire.
Chambers was
over me, shaking me.
So, I pushed her off
into a pod.
Look, I think she
was trying to save you.
There was
a massive data surge,
and it triggered the pods'
sterilization sub-routines.
Hey, look, lthink that
she was trying to
pull you out of your...
Out of your pod
before it killed you.
Bullshit.
A system malfunction
killed your class, Olan.
Not Chambers.
All that data,
it was rerouted
through your neurofeeders,
encoded onto your brain.
That's why you're
having these headaches.
seeing all this weird shit.
You need help, Olan.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Oxygen levels, 20%.
(SHALLOW BREATHING)
There's still one pod.
Take it.
You damn Jaqobis
and your damsel shit.
Your brother is
a really good man.
He is.
Butjust so you know,
he snores like a fat man.
(BOTHLAUGH)
DUTCH: Come on,
Delle Seyah. Hang on.
Stay with me.
How do I turn on
life support?
Biometric.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Delle Seyah Kendry.
Identity confirmed.
Restoring life support now.
(MACHINERY WHIRRING TO LIFE)
Life support's back on.
Lucy's not going anywhere.
I'm not bluffing.
Yes, you are!
And it is pissing me off.
You are a shitty
big brother.
You left Jake in
a crap town
with a crap dad.
And I know
what that's like.
And here,
you have this chance.
You have a chance to
make everything better,
and you're screwing it up.
Or is this really
how you want Jake
to remember you?
Bat-shit crazy,
holding two wires,
about to kill us all?
I think it's a little
too late to take that
back now.
No.
It's not.
(BEEPING)
Jake never has to
know any of this
ifyou let me help you.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
LUCY: Disengaging.
Ready to launch.
Pawter gave him
something to sleep.
Jake's with him right now.
Nice work
talking him down.
Played the little
brother guilt card.
Well, you are
a ninja with that card.
Oh, I had to say something.
He was gonna
blow up my girl.
Pawte r?
Lucy.
Pawter. Aw, you love her.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay, you know what?
I'm done with
children for today.
(BOTHLAUGH)
John?
Thanks for not
getting us blown up.
Must be Friday.
Just so we're clear,
whatever's in Olan's head,
Khlyen meant it for me.
I need to know what it is.
So do I.
And why is Khlyen
sending you anything?
I guess Daddy likes me best.
Olan is a kid,
not a computer.
You can'tjust
hack his brain.
Oh, I know a cozy little
lab says otherwise.
No, you're not using
anymore kids as lab rats.
Then make me
a better offer.
Olan is part of your
human seed bank project.
lfyou take him to any
of your people, they'll
find out all about it.
Do you want that?
Hmm, you suck the fun
out of everything.
Oh, you want fun?
All right. I'll play.
One, I'm your best
shot at keeping Olan safe
because he's just
as important to me
as he is to you.
Two, I'll share with
you whatever he reveals.
Three,
I didn't hate that kiss.
Please.
It's not called
"three truths," Killjoy.
You can take him.
For now.
I'll put my faith
in the loyalty you
show your friends.
It seems to be
your only weakness.
Oh, I'm not yourfriend,
Delle Seyah.
No,youTe
something much
better, Yala.
You're an ally now.
Whether you like it,
or not.
DUTCH: Whatever Khlyen
sent from Arkyn,
at least now we
have a piece of it.
Hey, D'avin, I've
never been to Leith before.
Do you think you
could visit us sometime?
You bet.
They'll like it here.
It's quiet.
Yeah, that's what
Olan needs. And security.
I need you
to help him unlock
whatever's in his head.
But no one can
know about it.
We're very good at
keeping confessions.
Comes with the sexy robes.
Any luck deciphering
the skin scrolls
you found in the mines?
I've had some of
the older uncles
working on it.
It's written in
the First Tongue,
but it looks
like it's encrypted.
We need the key.
Great.
One step forward and
five kicks in the ass.
I wish I could be more
help with whatever
demons are haunting you.
I'm starting to think
my demons are
haunting all of us.
(BEEPING)
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
Psst!
(GRUNTING)
Tidy work, Mr. Lee.
Set a course for Telen.
Why Telen?
It's the Jaqobis'
home planet.
Hopefully, something there
can provide answers
to D'avin's immunity.
The Black Root will
know once we
deviate from course.
They'll come for you.
Thenlets
make this count, huh?
I do love a road trip.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)